1- Know Number of Web Application - Selecting this option will display you total number of web applications available in your account."
2- List All WEB Application - This option will list all web application under your account."
3- Deatils of one Application - This option will display details of one web application."
4- Details of Multiple Application - This option will display details of multiple web applications. Create a csvfile with all the web app ids [Unique ID Value]."
5- Create One New Web Application Entry - This option will help you to create a new web application entry. "
6- Create Multiple Web Applications - This option will help you to create multiple web applications enteries."
7- Update Web Application - for single web application - This option will help you to Edit/Modify any webapplication entry or enteries."
8- Update Web Application - for Multiple web applications - This option will help you to Edit/Modify any webapplication(s) entry or enteries."
9- Delete Single Web Application - This option will help you to delete one web application from qualys records."
10- Delete Multiple Web Application - This option will help you to delete multiple web applications from qualys records."
11- Purge one Web Application - This option will help you to purge one web application from qualys."
12- Purge Multiple Web Applications - This option will help you to purge multiple web applications from qualys."
13- Count Total Authentication Records - This option will help you to count the total number of Authentication records available in qualys."
14- List All Authentication Record - This option will help you to list down all the authentication records in qualys."
15- Get Authentication Records against one web application - This option will display you authentication record in qualys for one web application (if authentication record exist)"
16- Get Authentication Records for multiple web applications - This option will display you authentication records for multiple web applications (if authentication record exist)"
17- Create Default (Standard) Authentication Record - This option will help you to create default authentication record."
18- Delete Authentication Record (singular) - This option will help you to delete single authentication record."
19- Delete Authentication Record (Multiple) - This option will help you to delete multiple authentication records."
20- Count total no of scans - This option will help you to count total number of scans."
21- View Running Scans - This option will help you to display all running scans details."
22- List scans with successful authentication - This option will help you to display scans with successful authentication."
23- List scan without any tag - This option will help you to display a list of scans without any tag."
24- List scan with perticular tag - This option will help you to display a list of scans with perticular tag.  "
25- Details of cancelled scans - This option will help you to display all details of cancelled scans."
26- Scan details for one web app - This option will help you to display scan details for one web application."
27- Scan details for multiple web applications - This option will help you to display scan details for multiple web applications. "
28- Launch new scan (singular) - This option will help you to initiate security scan for one web application."
29- Launch new scan (Multiple) - This option will help you to initiate security scan for multiple web applications."
30- Scan Status single application - This option will help you to check the scan status for one web application. "
31- Scan Status for multiple applications - This option will help you to check the scan status for multiple web applications."
32- Cancel Scan for one web application - This option will help you to cancel scan for one web application."
33- Cancel Scan for one multiple web applications - This option will help you to cancel scan for multiple web applications."
34- Delete Scan for one web application - This option will help you to delete scan for one web application."
35- Delete Scan for multiple web applications - This option will help you to delete scan for multiple web applications."
36- Never Launched Scheduled Scans - This option will give you details about the scheduled scans, which were never initiated or Launched due to some reason."
37- List Lauched Schedule Scans - This option will give you list of all scans which were scheduled and were launched."
38- Schedule a new scan - This option will help you to schedule a new scan. Please be ready with following details :"
39- Activate/Start/Initiate a scheduled scan - This option will help you to initiate a previously scheduled scan."
40- Activate/Start/Initiate multiple scheduled scans - This option will help you to initiate multiple previously scheduled scans."
41- Deactivate one Scheduled Scan - This option will help you to deactivate anyone previously scheduled scan."
42- Deactivate Multiple Scheduled scans - This option will help you to deactivate multiple previously scheduled scans."
43- Delete one Scheduled Scan - This option will help you to delete one previously scheduled scan."
44- Delete multiple Scheduled Scans - This option will help you to delete multiple previously scheduled scans."
45- Total no. of reports - This option will help you to display total number of reports available."
46- List of all reports - This option will help you to display list of all reports."
47- Search a report - This option will help you to search a report."
48- Get report for one application - This option will help you to display report for one application."
49- Get report for multiple applications - This option will help you to display report for multiple applications."
50- Display status of report (one scan) - This option will display you the status of report for one scan."
51- Display status of report (multiple scans) - This option will display you the status of report for multiple scans."
52- Download report for one web application - This option will help you to download report for one web application."
53- Download report for multiple web applications - This option will help you to download report for multiple web applications."
54- Send encrypted report (Single) to email addresses(multiple) - This option will help you to send encrypted report to multiple email addresses."
55- Send encrypted report (multiple) to email addresses(multiple) - This option will help you to send multiple encrypted report to multiple email addresses."
56- Delete Report (single) - This option will help you to delete single report."
57- Delete report (multiple) - This option will help you to delete multiple reports."
58- Create WAS Report (Single) - This option will help you to create a report for single web application."
59- Create WAS Report (multiple) - This option will help you to create a report for multiple web applications."
60- Count Total no of Option profiles - This option will help you to display total count of option proviles available."
61- Get details of Option Profile (single) - This option will help you to display details of one option profile."
62- Get details of Option Profiles (multiple) - This option will help you to display details of multiple option profiles."
63- Create New Option profile (Default) - This option will help you to create new option profile with default options."
64- Delete option profile (single) - This option will help you to delete one option profile."
65- Delete option profile (multiple) - This option will help you to delete multiple option profiles."
66- Display total numbers of findings - This option will help you to display total count of findings."
67- Findings for one web app - This option will help you to display findings for one web application."
68- Findings for Multiple web apps - This option will help you to display findings for multiple web applications."
69- Details of finding for one web app - This option will help you to display details about the finding for one web application. "
70- Details of finding for one web app - This option will help you to display details about the finding for multiple web applications."


